Validation: support placeholders for anything (#3910)
codeigniter4/CodeIgniter4: user_guide_src/source/changelogs/v4.2.0.rst

> Version 4.2.0

Reviewer: Add this to the toctree. (index)

=============

Release Date:

**4.2.0 release of CodeIgniter4**

Changes:

> - ``Validation::setRule`` signature changed and now allows any type for ``$rules``; see PR #3910

Reviewer 2: Although technically true because of PHP 7's type limitations, let's make this explicit to the actual types:
```suggestion
- ``Validation::setRule`` signature changed and now allows string or array types for ``$rules``; see PR #3910
```
